docs: update react 18 configuration (#30726)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/react-18.md

}
```

> Next, if you already have customized `pages/_document` component, you need to remove static methods like `getInitialProps` or exports like `getServerSideProps` otherwise it won't work with server components. By default next will fallback to a document component like below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, if you already have customized `pages/_document` component, you need to remove the `getInitialProps` static method and the `getServerSideProps` export if there’s any, otherwise it won't work with server components. If no custom Document component is provided, Next.js will fallback to a default one like below.
```
